Soak Time: 8 hrs
Prep Time: 15 min
Cook Time: 1 hour
Serves:4-6

This dish is made in multi-steps. Very easy when you follow the steps:

Prep and Cook the Channas/Chickpeas/Garbanzo Beans:
Dry Channas – 2 cups
Water – 6 cups
Salt – 1/2 tbsp

Method:
1. Wash and soak Channas in water overnight or atleast 8 hours.
2. Transfer them to a pressure cooker and add 6 cups of fresh Water and Salt.
3. Allow it to pressure cook and whistle once, lower heat and cook for 45 min.
4. Allow the pressure to release by itself and set the cooked Channas aside.

While the Channas are cooking, to Cook the Spinach:
Spinach – 1 lb
Water – 1 cup

Method:
1. Wash Spinach and put in a pan with Water.
2. Allow it to cook.
3. Once wilted, cook for an additional 5-7 minutes.
4. Remove from flame and set aside.

Also start working on the Masala. For the Masala:
Oil – 1 tbsp
Cloves – 3-5
Cinnamon – 1″ pc
Black Peppercorn – 1/4 tsp
Cardamom Seeds – 1/4 tsp
Fennel Seeds – 1/4 tsp
Coriander Seeds – 2 tbsp
Onions – 1 med., sliced
Ginger – 1″ pc. sliced
Garlic – 4-5 cloves, sliced
Green Chillies – to taste, sliced
Salt – 1/2 tsp
Tomatoes – 2 med., sliced

Method:
1. In a pan, heat Oil on medium heat.
2. Add in the whole masalas – Cloves, Cinnamon, Black Peppercorn, Cardamom Seeds, Fennel Seeds and Coriander Seeds.
3. Cook for 30 seconds.
4. Add in the Onions, Ginger, Garlic and the Green Chillies.
5. Sprinkle Salt to allow the Onions to cook faster and caramelize.
6. Add in the Tomatoes and cook them down.
7. Remove from flame and transfer to a plate and allow to cool.

Combining the Masala, Spinach and the Channas:
Water – 1/4 cup. if needed
Amchur (Dry Mango Powder) – 1/4 tsp or to taste

Method:
1. Once cooled, grind the Masala to a fine paste.
2. Add in the cooled and cooked Spinach and blend to desired texture.
3. In the pan used to cook Masala and pour in the Spinach and Masala Mixture.
4. Swirl the blender with additional water if needed.
5. Add in the cooked Channas and add additional Water or liquid from the cooked Channas to the dish to form a gravy.
6. Check Salt and spices and cover and cook for about 10 min. Stir in between once.
7. Open and sprinkle some Amchur (optional), mix and serve.
8. Serve hot with Chapatis, Naan or Rice.