Prep Time: 15 min
Cook Time: 25 -40 min
Serves: 6-8

Ingredients:

Oil – 1 tbsp
Onion – 1, finely chopped
Ginger – 1 tbsp, minced
Garlic – 1 tbsp, minced
Tomatoes – 2, finely chopped
Salt – to taste
Turmeric Powder – 1/4 tsp

OR

Oil – 1 tsp
Frozen Masala – 1/4 cup, defrosted
Coriander Powder – 1 tsp
Cumin Powder – 1/2 tsp

Seitan – from 1 cup Gluten flour (Details on how to make Seitan)
Potatoes – 1, large, cubed
Cauliflower – 1/2 medium, florets
Carrots – 2 medium, cut to bite-size
Peas – 1/2 cup
Liquid (Water + Broth) – 2.5 cups
Red Chili Powder – to taste

Method:

Using Frozen Masala:
1. In a pressure cooker, heat Oil and add in the defrosted Masala.
2. Allow it to heat up and add in the spices – Coriander Powder, Cumin Powder and Garam Masala and mix.
3. Add in the Potatoes, Carrots and Cauliflower, Red Chili Powder and Salt and mix so that the Masala coats the vegetables.
4. Pour in the Broth, mix, close pressure cooker and allow it to whistle once, turn off and let the pressure go down by itself.
5. Once it is safe to open, mix in the Peas and the Seitan and additional water if needed.
6. Turn the heat on medium flame and all the vegetables to cook all the way.
7. Once done, garnish with Cilantro and Lime Juice and serve.
8. Enjoy with Chapatis, Rice or bread.

Making Fresh Masala:
1. In a Pressure Cooker, heat Oil.
2. Add in the Onions and cook for 2 minutes and add in the Ginger and Garlic and Salt.
3. Cook till the Onions have changed color to a light golden.
4. Add in the Tomatoes and cook till the mixture separates from the Oil.
5. Add in the spices – Coriander Powder, Turmeric Powder, Cumin Powder and Garam Masala and mix.
6.. Add in the Potatoes, Carrots and Cauliflower, Red Chili Powder and Salt and mix so that the Masala coats the vegetables.
7. Pour in the Broth, mix, close pressure cooker and allow it to whistle once, turn off and let the pressure go down by itself.
8. Once it is safe to open, mix in the Peas and the Seitan and additional water if needed.
9. Turn the heat on medium flame and all the vegetables to cook all the way.
10. Once done, garnish with Cilantro and Lime Juice and serve.
11. Enjoy with Chapatis, Rice or bread.